Allrecipes member cece shared his recipe
for kalbi korean BBQ short ribs saying
this is a staple of korean cuisine and
is simple to make it home don't be
surprised if your guests asks for more
we'll start by preparing the marinade
for the ribs in a bowl combine 3/4 of a
cup soy sauce
3/4 of a cup brown sugar
3/4 of a cup of water one minced garlic
clove two chopped green onions and 1
tbsp toasted Asian sesame oil
what's the marinade together until the
sugar dissolves next please two pounds
of Korean style short ribs in a large
plastic resealable bag pour the marinade
over the ribs and squeeze out all the
air then close the bag and refrigerate
the ribs for at least three hours the
ribs are even better when marinated
overnight or for as long as three days
preheat the grill from medium-high heat
and lightly oil the grate
remove the ribs from the bag and shake
off excess marinade you can discard the
marinade or do it several all recipes
members recommended and cook it until
reduced to a sauce consistency grill the
ribs on the preheated grill until they
are no longer bloody near the bone but
still pink 5 to 7 minutes per side if
you don't have a grill
all recipes member JC T enact recommends
baking the ribs in a 375 degree oven for
20 minutes and then broiling them for 5
minutes
serve these Korean barbecue short ribs
right off the grill garnished with
sliced green onions or sesame seeds and
a side of hot cooked rice Allrecipes
member Dave comments these were nothing
short of perfect
another member Yorkie Bunny says these
are awesome I prepare them exactly as
stated and wouldn't change a thing